fix(core/date-picker): reflect undefined values in event signature (#1742)
siemens/ix: .changeset/seven-foxes-trade.md

---
'@siemens/ix': major
---

> Adapt the type `DateDropdownOption` and the `DateRangeChangeEvent` on the `ix-date-input` to reflect the `dateSelect` changes on the `date-picker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ix-date-input`: Adapt the types `DateDropdownOption` and `DateRangeChangeEvent` to reflect the changed signature of the  `ix-date-picker`'s `dateSelect` event.
```

> `ix-date-input`: Adapt the types `DateDropdownOption` and `DateRangeChangeEvent` to reflect the changed signature of the  `ix-date-picker`'s `dateSelect` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ix-date-dropdown`: Adapt the types `DateDropdownOption` and `DateRangeChangeEvent` to reflect the changed signature of the  `ix-date-picker`'s `dateSelect` event.
```
